To,
Name:  
Jathin Narayana Swamy
 
Important information following your successful completion of the interview process during the
campus visit
Dear 
 
Jathin Narayana Swamy
 
This communication conﬁrms that you have successfully completed the initial interview process.
Congratulations! Your journey towards receiving an offer of employment from Accenture has now begun.
Please review this information to familiarize yourself with the various steps and actions involved in your
application process before Accenture issues an offer of employment.
Document Veriﬁcation Process -
 After accepting this Letter of Intent, you will need to submit certain
required documents. The issuance of your oﬀer will depend on the successful veriﬁcation of these
documents. Once you receive the oﬀer, please ensure that you accept it within 7 days of receiving the
Offer Letter.
At all stages of the hiring process, you are expected to declare all facts honestly and act with utmost
integrity while applying for any opportunity. In case of any misrepresentation of information/facts in your
candidate registration process or at any stage of the hiring process, this Letter of Intent or any
subsequent offer issued to you shall stand revoked.
Accenture Learning Program -
 Accenture oﬀers an extensive pre-onboarding online learning program
designed to provide new joiners with essential skills and tools for job readiness. We are sharing the
details of this program in advance to help you understand its conditions and requirements. Please note
that some parts of the learning program may continue post onboarding.
Assessments:
 Assessments will be conducted at various points throughout the program.
Scoring and Attempts:
 Assessment scores will contribute to the final score at the end of the
training.
A minimum aggregate score of 60% is required to successfully complete the program.
If you do not achieve a 60% score on your first attempt, you will have up to three additional
attempts.
While you will still be onboarded at Accenture as per the agreed schedule, please note that
whilst assessment completion is not a precondition to onboard still you will need to complete
the learnings/trainings within the attempts mentioned herein below, for a continued
employment in Accenture.

Do note that some of these attempts may occur after you have onboarded Accenture.
Learning completion:
  You shall only get four attempts to complete the learning program (some
attempts can be made pre-onboarding & balance post onboarding). If you do not successfully
complete the learning program within the total four attempts (inclusive of pre onboarding & post
onboarding attempts), your employment with the company will be terminated as per Clause 10 in the
Terms of Employment.
Learning Bonus -
 100% completion of learning modules prior to onboarding and successful
completion of the learning program assessments, as outlined above, will make you eligible for a
learning bonus of INR 30,000, which will be paid post onboarding in addition to the salary as per
Company pay cycle. 
The learning bonus as mentioned above is applicable only upon successful
completion of assessments prior to onboarding.
Please note:
 Learning bonus amount, so paid to you, shall be considered as taxable income for all
purposes. Applicable taxes will be deducted via payroll at the time of payment of learning bonus to
you. The Company reserve the right to amend, suspend, modify & withdraw the learning program &
its associated benefits.
Deployment - 
You will be assigned a base location that will be the basis & utilized for all oﬃcial and
administrative purposes including leaves etc. Considering the nature of our operations and basis
business needs you may need to relocate anywhere in India for project deployment and work in 24/7
shifts based on business requirements.
We wish you the best of this journey and congratulate you on clearing the interviews. Your proposed
compensation for the ease of information and subject to release of an oﬀer of employment by Accenture
is as mentioned in 
Annexure A.
 Specific details will be mentioned in your formal offer letter.
Annexure A
Career Level – 
12
Proposed role – 
Packaged App Development Associate
Annual fixed compensation
 for the ﬁscal will be 
INR 3,83,000;
 this includes allowances structured
in accordance with the Company compensation guidelines and applicable statutory norms.
Individual Performance Bonus (IPB) -
 At your career level, the maximum annual variable pay-out
is estimated as
 INR 32,555
; subject to the overall terms and conditions of the IPB, including but not
limited to your performance achievements and the Company’s performance.
Maximum Annual Total earning potential - INR 4,15,555 /-
Additional Notional Beneﬁts:
 Gratuity for each year of service (indicative and assumed value
calculated at an approximation of 4.81% of annual basic) – 
INR 6,400 /-
 Notional Insurance Premium
paid by Company – 
INR 13,700 /-
Annual Total earning potential + Additional Notional Benefits – INR 435,655 /-
Joining Bonus -
 You are also eligible for a joining Bonus of 
INR 25,000; 
payable upon successful
completion of initial training as per company process. The joining bonus is a one-time payment that
will be paid with the first month's salary.
Please note, the above is informative and not exhaustive, speciﬁc details will be in the Oﬀer
Letter

“This is an electronically generated document does not require signatures.”